<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>SimonProject</title>
</head>
    <body>
        <table style="align: center" border="2">
          <tr>
              <td><a href="ashera_index.html">Home</a></td>
              <td><a href="ashera_facerecognition.html">Face Recognition</a></td>
              <td><a href="ashera_nlpresearch.html">Natural Language Processing</a></td>
              <td><a href="ashera_machinelearning.html">Machine Learning</a></td>
              <td><a href="ashera_datavisualization.html">Data Visualization</a></td>
              <td><a href="ashera_zoeproject.html">Z.O.E.</a></td>
              <td>S.I.M.O.N.</td>
              <td><a href="ashera_camproject.html">C.A.M.</a></td>
              <td><a href="ashera_chatbotsresearch.html">ChatBots</a></td>
              <td><a href="ashera_htmlprogress.html">HTML</a></td>
          </tr>
      </table>
        <h1 style="text-align: center">S.I.M.O.N.</h1>
        <h2>Overview</h2>
        <p>I created Simon to be a home integrated digital assistant. It's based around a natural language user interface and
        designed to aid with the simplest tasks from telling the time to complex web browsing.</p>
        <br />
        <h2>Features:</h2>
        <h3><u>Interaction</u></h3>
        <h4>Speech-to-Text</h4>
        <p>The Program currently uses the standard "Speech recognition" library. The library defaults to waiting 3 seconds
        after the user stops talking before it begins to transcribe, but this seemed too long and left too much time between
        command and response; I changed this time to .5 seconds which means the user does need to be more assertive when they
        talk (and not hesitate as much as they could) but it does allow for a faster response time. I also included features to
        drown out any background noise as well as a sound threshold which means the user has to speak at a certain volume for
        the program to hear. I am currently using my Laptop microphone (which means I have to be close to the computer)
        but I plan to upgrade to a larger mic which will allow me to speak from greater distances.</p>
        <h4>Text-to-Speech</h4>
        <p>For now, the program uses an IBM Watson API to generate speech. Once the speech is generated it gets passed through
        to the computer's MP3 player and plays it automatically. It will suffice during the creation process,
        but it poses two issues: The speech is quite artificial sounding and there is definitely a more realistic sounding
        speech generator. It also takes a little too long to create the speech and theres a little too much waiting time
        for the speech to play.</p>
        <div id="Mrk.1">
            <h2>Mrk.1</h2>
            <p>This is where the Simon project started. I began my work with digital assistants by looking up ways to
            make one. This was also when I started learning the Python language and so I found my self doing two things
            at once: Learning Python, and trying to make a complex digital assistant. I began installing Pyaudio for the
            speech to text function and the Windows engine for text-to-speech (which sounded super robotic but it was
            fine for a first version). I then installed some simple libraries such as the 'time' module so that I could
            create some simple functions. <br/> I then started creating some simple functions: One to translate speech-to-text
            and vice versa, one to tell the time, one to tell the date, and one to quit the program. <br/> Next, in the
            main function I created 'if' statements to react to what the user says into the mic and what to do if the
            program doesn't understand what the user says. <br/> The Program was finally ready to run and worked perfectly,
            but it needed to go further.</p>
        </div>
        <div id="Mrk.2">
            <h2>Mrk.2</h2>
            <p></p>
        </div>
        <h2>Future Implementation</h2>
        <br />
    </body>
</html>